Create enrollment token API (#72186)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/create_enrollment_token.asciidoc

[[create-enrollment-token]]
=== Create Enrollment Token API
++++
<titleabbrev>Create Enrollment Token</titleabbrev>
++++

> Create an enrollment token to enroll a new node to join an existing cluster with security enabled.

Reviewer: this is not only about nodes. Enrollment tokens can be used by clients too

> [[create-enrollment-token-api-request]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[cluster-create-enrollment-token-api-request]]
```

==== {api-request-title}

`POST /_cluster/enrollment_token`

[[cluster-create-enrollment-token-api-prereqs]]
==== {api-prereq-title}

* You must have the `manage_enrollment` <<privileges-list-cluster,cluster privilege>> to use this API.
[[cluster-create-enrollment-token-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

> The purpose of the create enrollment token API is to generate a token with which user can enroll a new node

Reviewer: similarly, mention clients here too. 

can enroll a new node to join -> either "can allow a new node to join" or "can allow a new node to enroll"

to join an existing cluster where security is enabled.

[[cluster-create-enrollment-token-api-examples]]
==== {api-examples-title}

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
POST /_cluster/enrollment_token
--------------------------------------------------

The API returns a response such as

[source,console-result]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "enrollment_token" : "eyJhZHIiOiIxOTQ2ZHY0JDZGJrU....UTm1zeWFrdzl0dk5udyJ9Cg==" <1>
}
--------------------------------------------------

> <1> The enrollment token containing information about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The enrollment token contains the following information: 
```

>     - IP Address and port number for the interface where the Elasticsearch node is listening on;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - IP Address and port number for the interface where the Elasticsearch node is listening for HTTP connections
```

>     - The fingerprint of the CA certificate that is used to sign the certificate that the Elasticsearch node presents;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The fingerprint of the CA certificate that is used to sign the certificate that the Elasticsearch node presents for TLS on the HTTP layer
```

>     - Credentials by which the holder of the token can authenticate itself to the elasticsearch node. An API key is used for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  An API key that allows holder of the token can authenticate themselves to the elasticsearch node.
```

as Base64 encoded string.

> The enrollment key may look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A decoded enrollment token is shown below (spaces and new lines added for clarity) :
```
